[MCN] New hubs option (#18446)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/partials/magic-cloud-networking/magic-wan-on-ramps.mdx

Magic Cloud Networking has the following cloud on-ramps integrations:

- AWS (single VPC and hubs)
- Azure (single VPC)
- GCP (single VPC)

Refer to [Reference](/magic-cloud-networking/reference/) to learn more about how Cloudflare orchestrates VPN connectivity to your cloud networks.

---

## Set up on-ramps

### Single virtual private cloud

Choose this option if you have a single virtual private cloud (VPC) in your cloud to connect to Magic WAN. To set up a single-VPC on-ramp:

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/), and select your account.
2. Select **Magic WAN** > **Cloud on-ramps**.
3. Select **Add new on-ramp**.
4. Go to **Connect an existing VPC to Cloudflare** > **Select**.

> 5. Give your new on-ramp a name and, optionally, a description, and select **Continue**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Give your new on-ramp a name and a description (optional), then select **Continue**.
```
To avoid too frequent commas

6. From the drop-down menu, choose your cloud provider. You can choose between AWS, GCP and Azure. Then, select **Continue**.
7. Select the network that you want to connect to. This list comes from the [cloud integrations](/magic-cloud-networking/get-started/#2-set-up-cloud-integrations) you have already set up. When you are done, select **Continue**.
8. **Configure route propagation** shows where Cloudflare will install the new routes. Installing these routes is required to correctly configure both Magic WAN and your cloud provider, and ensure successful communication between them:
	- **Add routes for your Magic WAN address space to your cloud network**: Select this option to install routes for reaching Magic WAN in your cloud network's route tables (refer to [Magic WAN Address Space](#magic-wan-address-space) to learn what routes are installed and how to customize them). If you prefer to do this manually, unselect this option.
		:::caution[Warning]

> 		Cloudflare recommends that you leave this option selected. If you unselect **Add routes for your Magic WAN address space to your cloud network**, you will need to manually create all the required configurations to allow Magic WAN to connect to your cloud, like routing tables, transit gateways, and VPNs. Refer to the [Magic WAN How to](/magic-wan/configuration/manually/how-to/) section, or consult the documentation for your cloud provider for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		Cloudflare recommends that you leave this option selected. If you unselect **Add routes for your Magic WAN address space to your cloud network**, you will need to manually create all the required configurations to allow Magic WAN to connect to your cloud, such as routing tables, transit gateways, and VPNs. Refer to the [Magic WAN How to](/magic-wan/configuration/manually/how-to/) section, or consult the documentation for your cloud provider for more information.
```

		:::
	- **Add routes for your cloud network to Magic WAN**: Select this option to create routes for reaching your cloud network in Magic WAN.
9. Select **Continue**. Applying your settings might take a few seconds to complete.
10. Review the changes in your cloud environment, and select **Approve changes**.

You have successfully created your Magic WAN on-ramp. However, on-ramp creation can take up to an hour before you can use it.

### Hubs

If you want to connect multiple VPCs to Magic WAN, the best way to connect them is using a hub. A hub is a cloud VPN gateway that peers with multiple VPCs, allowing them to share a VPN tunnel to Magic WAN. Each cloud provider has their own term for hubs, so refer to your cloud provider for more information.

> Depending on how you have set up your cloud provider you can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on how you have set up your cloud provider, you can:
```

- **Connect to an existing hub**: Choose this option if you already have a VPN hub in your cloud and you want to connect it to Magic WAN.
- **Create a new hub**: Choose this option if you want to create a new hub and connect it to Magic WAN.

When you configure a hub on-ramp, Cloudflare always manages the VPN tunnel between Magic WAN and the hub. Optionally, you can also choose to have Cloudflare manage peering with VPCs and/or with other hubs:

> - **Manage VPC peering:** If you enable this option, Cloudflare will attach VPCs you choose to the hub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Manage VPC peering:** If you enable this option, Cloudflare will attach your chosen VPCs to the hub.
```
Felt that this read more naturally, happy to be overruled :D (I have suggested this change throughout, feel free to ignore)

> - **Manage hub peering:** Hubs are regional, so in order to connect VPCs attached to hubs in different regions, those hubs need to be peered. If you enable this option, Cloudflare will peer hubs you choose to this hub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Manage hub peering:** Hubs are regional, so in order to connect VPCs attached to hubs in different regions, those hubs need to be peered. If you enable this option, Cloudflare will peer your chosen hubs to this hub.
```

#### Connect to an existing hub

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/), and select your account.
2. Select **Magic WAN** > **Cloud on-ramps**.
3. Select **Add new on-ramp**.
4. Go to **Connect an existing hub to Cloudflare** > **Select**.

> 5. Give your new on-ramp a name and, optionally, a description, and select **Continue**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Give your new on-ramp a name and a description (optional), then select **Continue**.
```

> 6. From the drop-down menu, choose your cloud provider. You can choose between AWS, GCP and Azure. Then, select **Continue**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. From the drop-down menu, choose your cloud provider. You can choose between AWS, GCP, and Azure. Then, select **Continue**.
```

7. Choose an existing hub. This list comes from the [cloud integrations](/magic-cloud-networking/get-started/#2-set-up-cloud-integrations) you have already set up. When you are done, select **Continue**.

> 8. (*Optional*) In **VPC peering configuration**, you can enable **Manage VPC peering**. This allows Cloudflare to attach VPCs you choose to the hub:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. (*Optional*) In **VPC peering configuration**, you can enable **Manage VPC peering**. This allows Cloudflare to attach your chosen VPCs to the hub:
```

	1. Select **Manage VPC peering** to enable this feature.
	2. Choose the VPCs you want Cloudflare to attach to the hub.
9. Select **Continue**.

> 10. (*Optional*) In **Configure hub peering**, you can enable **Manage hub peering**. Enabling this option allows Cloudflare to attach remote hubs you choose to this hub (establishing connectivity between VPCs attached to any of the peered hubs):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. (*Optional*) In **Configure hub peering**, you can enable **Manage hub peering**. Enabling this option allows Cloudflare to attach remote hubs you have chosen to this hub (establishing connectivity between VPCs attached to any of the peered hubs):
```

	1. Select **Manage hub peering** to enable this feature.
	2. Select the remote hubs you want Cloudflare to attach to this hub.
11. Select **Continue**.
12. **Configure route propagation** shows where Cloudflare will install the new routes. Installing these routes is required to correctly configure both Magic WAN and your cloud provider, and ensure successful communication between them:
	1. **Add routes for your Magic WAN address space to your cloud network**: Select this option to install routes for reaching Magic WAN in your cloud network's route tables (refer to [Magic WAN Address Space](#magic-wan-address-space) to learn what routes are installed and how to customize them). If you prefer to do this manually, unselect this option.
		:::caution[Warning]

> 		Cloudflare recommends that you leave this option selected. If you unselect **Add routes for your Magic WAN address space to your cloud network**, you will need to manually create all the required configurations to allow Magic WAN to connect to your cloud, like routing tables, transit gateways, and VPNs. Refer to the [Magic WAN How to](/magic-wan/configuration/manually/how-to/) section, or consult the documentation for your cloud provider for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		Cloudflare recommends that you leave this option selected. If you unselect **Add routes for your Magic WAN address space to your cloud network**, you will need to manually create all the required configurations to allow Magic WAN to connect to your cloud, such as routing tables, transit gateways, and VPNs. Refer to the [Magic WAN How to](/magic-wan/configuration/manually/how-to/) section, or consult the documentation for your cloud provider for more information.
```

		:::
	2. **Add routes for your cloud network to Magic WAN**: Select this option to create routes for reaching your cloud network in Magic WAN.
13. Select **Continue**. Applying your settings might take a few seconds to complete.
14. Review the changes in your cloud environment, and select **Approve changes**.

You have successfully created your Magic WAN on-ramp. However, on-ramp creation can take up to an hour before you can use it.

#### Create a new hub

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/), and select your account.
2. Select **Magic WAN** > **Cloud on-ramps**.
3. Select **Add new on-ramp**.
4. Go to **Create a new hub & connect it to Cloudflare** > **Select**.

> 5. Give your new on-ramp a name and, optionally, a description, and select **Continue**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Give your new on-ramp a name and a description (optional), then select **Continue**.
```

6. Configure your cloud in **Select your cloud details**:

> 	1. From the drop-down menu, choose your cloud provider. You can choose between AWS, GCP and Azure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	1. From the drop-down menu, choose your cloud provider. You can choose between AWS, GCP, and Azure.
```

	2. Choose an existing integration. This list comes from the [cloud integrations](/magic-cloud-networking/get-started/#2-set-up-cloud-integrations) you have already set up.
	3. Choose a region in which to create the new hub.
	4. Select **Continue**.

> 7. (*Optional*) In **VPC peering configuration**, you can enable **Manage VPC peering**. This allows Cloudflare to attach VPCs you choose to the hub:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. (*Optional*) In **VPC peering configuration**, you can enable **Manage VPC peering**. This allows Cloudflare to attach your chosen VPCs to the hub:
```

	1. Select **Manage VPC peering** to enable this feature.
	2. Choose the VPCs you want Cloudflare to attach to the hub.
8. Select **Continue**.

> 9. (*Optional*) In **Configure hub peering**, you can enable **Manage hub peering**. Enabling this option allows Cloudflare to attach remote hubs you choose to this hub (establishing connectivity between VPCs attached to any of the peered hubs):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. (*Optional*) In **Configure hub peering**, you can enable **Manage hub peering**. Enabling this option allows Cloudflare to attach remote hubs you have chosen to this hub (establishing connectivity between VPCs attached to any of the peered hubs):
```

	1. Select **Manage hub peering** to enable this feature.
	2. Select the remote hubs you want Cloudflare to attach to this hub.
10. Select **Continue**.
11. **Configure route propagation** shows where Cloudflare will install the new routes. Installing these routes is required to correctly configure both Magic WAN and your cloud provider, and ensure successful communication between them:
	1. **Add routes for your Magic WAN address space to your cloud network**: Select this option to install routes for reaching Magic WAN in your cloud network's route tables (refer to [Magic WAN Address Space](#magic-wan-address-space) to learn what routes are installed and how to customize them). If you prefer to do this manually, unselect this option.
		:::caution[Warning]

> 		Cloudflare recommends that you leave this option selected. If you unselect **Add routes for your Magic WAN address space to your cloud network**, you will need to manually create all the required configurations to allow Magic WAN to connect to your cloud, like routing tables, transit gateways, and VPNs. Refer to the [Magic WAN How to](/magic-wan/configuration/manually/how-to/) section, or consult the documentation for your cloud provider for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		Cloudflare recommends that you leave this option selected. If you unselect **Add routes for your Magic WAN address space to your cloud network**, you will need to manually create all the required configurations to allow Magic WAN to connect to your cloud, such as routing tables, transit gateways, and VPNs. Refer to the [Magic WAN How to](/magic-wan/configuration/manually/how-to/) section, or consult the documentation for your cloud provider for more information.
```
